Add notes for chapter 2 (#2)
r4ds/bookclub-islp: index.qmd

## Welcome {.unnumbered}

> This is a companion for the book [ISLP](https://hastie.su.domains/ISLP/ISLP_website.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a companion for the book [Introduction to Statistical Learning with Python](https://www.statlearning.com/).
```
